what is going on guys it's your boy
motivated devil and finally I'm back I
know you guys been asked me Oh devil
where you been when you to make video I
actually had like six messages in my
youtube inbox and I didn't even know
they were there like you have to like
look for your messages on YouTube now I
don't like it at all youtube is changing
I could stay here in bitch about it all
day and part of the reason why I haven't
been posting like I'm still active on
Twitter if you guys don't follow me on
Twitter need to follow me on twitter at
motivated devil but I'm still active on
Twitter and everything I've been talking
to everybody and check this out look a
little triple kill right here I'm like
oh yeah i'm bout to get something and
how come the knife never ever ever ever
works for my ass but everybody else can
run around and just knife me ten feet
away and i'm like how'd you do that
because i'm pretty sure my game came
with a butter knife and i don't mean I
think I guarantee like literally
probably have under a hundred knife
kills in this game and I got like 20 or
30,000 kills I don't know I don't play
this game that much because I just can't
stand it which is also another reason
why you know why haven't been posting
and you know there's been some other
like you know life things going on been
trying to go get straight get fixed up
in my life you know get ready for the
year 2014 cuz I got some big plans for
my personal life and YouTube actually
you know I haven't been gone away from
YouTube I've made a badass channel
banner you guys need to go check that if
you haven't looked at my channel lately
look at this I'm like oh shit there's no
way I'm gonna make it through this look
how red my screen is right here and
somehow someway I don't know if maybe I
was host I don't know but you know I'm
still active on Twitter and everybody
all other commentators are following
everybody else you know saying the
YouTube is just like broken and you know
they can't upload a video the video
won't process i'm hoping after I record
this commentary and i render this video
that i can actually upload this video
I'm can be pretty pissed that I did all
this for no reason but I got something
for you guys since it's been so long I
just wanted to give you a quad kill and
since it's been like five weeks or
something like that I wanted to give you
another quad kills look I hope you guys
enjoyed that this is actually I'm gonna
head and you know I'm not ruin this
gameplay for you but you know a lot of
commentators a lot of
they don't want to upload videos where
they're just know completely getting
annihilated and getting smacked and this
is that gameplay I was trying everything
possible this was like you know haven't
been playing call of duty much but this
was like you know my fifth game back
playing and you know these kids another
team that had to have been a full party
because I'll be and we were just getting
ran through when you see the scoreboard
at the end and how many confirms ahead
and how many confirms my team had and
then my total score look at this right
here I was screaming I was like I'm
stuck I can't back up I didn't know why
I thought that side wall was like the
end of the wall and then there was
another wall behind me but I was stuck I
was like no I was on a good streak but
enough about that so you know since I've
been gone there's been some news about
the xbox one only be in 720p and it's
upscale to 1080p and then the whole ps4
is native 1080p and I'm gonna be honest
look I thought I had this guy was like
oh you just got outplayed and he
outplayed me I'm gonna be awesome you
guys I honestly honestly still do not
know what console I'm going with I mean
I've been with the xbox for so long and
no i'm not saying that's why i want to
stick with the xbox that's just stupid
that's just something dumb to say like
oh just because i have an xbox 360 now i
should get the xbox one no that's a dumb
excuse that's one of your excuses so
while you're getting the certain console
you're getting you're making a big
mistake actually learn learn what it's
going to be good for you what it's gonna
be catered to you and you know get what
you're actually going to enjoy and you
know also a cater you know it has
something to do with what your friends
are getting and that's kind of the
reason why I want to get the xbox one
because I know a lot of my friends and
you know other commentators i play with
they're getting the you know xbox one
because I'm gonna be honest I'm not
gonna be getting the xbox one anytime
soon I don't have the money for that so
you know I'm not gonna have the xbox one
day one I'm not gonna have that I'm
gonna have to wait a little bit so i get
it i'm gonna be playing call of duty
ghosts on the xbox 360 for a while look
fail to see for right there but i'm
gonna be playing call of duty ghosts
from the 360 for a while so you know i
know a lot of you guys you guys don't
have the money either not saying
anything bad but you know that's hard to
just drop 400 hours like on something
like that you know i don't have it
you know I don't know about you guys but
I don't have it so I don't know I'm
gonna be lame ghost on 360 for a while I
got a lot of cool ass videos coming up
for ghosts I think the extinction mode
looks pretty badass the only thing I
have a really you know big problem with
on it's not big problem the only thing
I'm kind of concerned about is how fun
that or how long that game mode will be
fun like you know because it seems like
the way you get to progression once you
get to the end you're done right it's
not like zombies where it could like go
on forever is what it seems like so I
don't really know how that's going to go
over like how long it's gonna last like
once you beat it like how fun is it
gonna be to beat it again I know you can
rank up and stuff like that but still I
don't know and also yeah I wanted to
this is some of my series I did I wanted
to do for call of duty ghosts since
there's like so many new game modes I
don't know how I've got her through that
guy rainy HD he's like I looked him up
cuz like he was the one on the top of
the leaderboard he's like another
youtuber so Mike that so he's going like
full try hard mode and his team just
smacked my ass but uh anyways back to
what i was saying i got a lot of cool
series planned on being a lot of
extinction game modes i was supposed to
have call of duty ghosts yesterday and
it end up falling through and then it
fallen through again today so I don't
know if I'm gonna be able to get this
game early or not it's kind of
frustrating as I knew I was supposed to
get the game early and now the guys
falling through look I just jumped out
the window and killed my fucking self
but kind of frustrating hopefully I'll
get it I'm gonna do a series where I do
all the game modes on day one especially
all the new ones but anyways guys I hope
you guys enjoyed the video i know its be
a long time so you know if you could
just leave a like on that comment tell
me what you've been up to and what you
thought of the commentary it's your boy
motivated devil super fidelis out
you